Update changelog.md (#141)
input-output-hk/iohk-nix: changelog.md

Please read these notes when updating your project's `iohk-nix`
version. There may have been changes which could break your build.

## 2019-07-22

>    * The `check-hydra` CI script has been updated in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The `check-nix-tools` CI script (run by `nix/regenerate.sh`) has been updated in
```

     [PR #131](https://github.com/input-output-hk/iohk-nix/pull/131).

>      It should work in much the same way as before, but can push fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     It should work in much the same way as before, but can push fixes (changes in generated `nix` code)
```
